ROX-16283: Reorganize Cloud install docs (#59525)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cloud-ocp-create-stackrox-project.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * installing/install_cloud_ocp/cloud-ocp-create-project.adoc
:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="cloud-ocp-create-stackrox-project_{context}"]
= Creating a project on your cluster

.Procedure

> * In your {ocp} cluster, navigate to *Home* -> *Projects* and create a project for {product-title-managed-short}. Red Hat suggests using `stackrox` as the project *Name*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In your {ocp} cluster, navigate to *Home* -> *Projects* and create a project for {product-title-managed-short}. Use `stackrox` as the project *Name*.
```
